README.md, before:

## Which Explanation Makes Sense? A Critical Evaluation of Local Explanations for Assessing Cervical Cancer Risk Factors


## Project Proposal submitted for CS598: Deep Learning For Healthcare, SP24



### Instructors:
Jimeng Sun
Siddhartha Laghuvarapu



### Prepared by:
Himangshu Das 				hdas4@illinois.edu
Jeremy Samuel 				sjeremy3@illinois.edu
Mahesh Matta 				maheshm3@illinois.edu


Original paper - [A-Critical-Evaluation-of-Local-Explanations-for-Assessing-Cervical-Cancer-Risk-Factors ](https://github.com/cwayad/Local-Explanations-for-Cervical-Cancer)- 

Citations: 
Mustafa WA, Ismail S, Mokhtar FS, Alquran H, Al-Issa Y. Cervical Cancer Detection Techniques: A Chronological Review. Diagnostics (Basel). 2023 May 17;13(10):1763. doi: 10.3390/diagnostics13101763. PMID: 37238248; PMCID: PMC10217496.


### Project final submission pdf [link](https://drive.google.com/file/d/1D3bnWSwrOxj5OQu5Rn6EXp6paI61l_5l/view?usp=sharing)


## Steps to run the code

To execute the code locally, first clone the git repo -
```bash
git clone https://github.com/dasshims/UIUC-CS598-FinalProject.git

```

Open the folder to an IDE, VSCode preferred

Open the ipynb file and set the python interpreter to 3.x.x, for our project we used 3.9.6

## Requirements

CPU: A multi-core processor with sufficient computational power for training machine learning models. A CPU with at least 4 cores and a clock speed of 2.5 GHz or higher is recommended.

RAM: Adequate RAM to handle the dataset size and model training. A minimum of 8 GB RAM is recommended for handling the preprocessing and training tasks efficiently.

Commit message:

Readme to run on colab

README.md, after:

## Which Explanation Makes Sense? A Critical Evaluation of Local Explanations for Assessing Cervical Cancer Risk Factors


## Project Proposal submitted for CS598: Deep Learning For Healthcare, SP24



### Instructors:
Jimeng Sun
Siddhartha Laghuvarapu



### Prepared by:
Himangshu Das 				hdas4@illinois.edu
Jeremy Samuel 				sjeremy3@illinois.edu
Mahesh Matta 				maheshm3@illinois.edu


Original paper - [A-Critical-Evaluation-of-Local-Explanations-for-Assessing-Cervical-Cancer-Risk-Factors ](https://github.com/cwayad/Local-Explanations-for-Cervical-Cancer)- 

Citations: 
Mustafa WA, Ismail S, Mokhtar FS, Alquran H, Al-Issa Y. Cervical Cancer Detection Techniques: A Chronological Review. Diagnostics (Basel). 2023 May 17;13(10):1763. doi: 10.3390/diagnostics13101763. PMID: 37238248; PMCID: PMC10217496.


### Project final submission pdf [link](https://drive.google.com/file/d/1D3bnWSwrOxj5OQu5Rn6EXp6paI61l_5l/view?usp=sharing)


## Steps to run the code

1. first clone the git repo -
```bash
git clone https://github.com/dasshims/UIUC-CS598-FinalProject.git
```
2. Open the folder to an IDE, VSCode preferred 
3. Open the ipynb file and set the python interpreter to 3.x.x, for our project we used 3.9.6.

**If you are running this on Colab** 
1. make sure to uncomment the following cell to mount the drive folder.
```python
from google.colab import drive
drive.mount('/content/drive')
```
2. Create the following directories to store the resulting files
   3. data
   4. documentation
   5. img
   6. models


## Requirements

CPU: A multi-core processor with sufficient computational power for training machine learning models. A CPU with at least 4 cores and a clock speed of 2.5 GHz or higher is recommended.

RAM: Adequate RAM to handle the dataset size and model training. A minimum of 8 GB RAM is recommended for handling the preprocessing and training tasks efficiently.

For this project we used a macbook with 32Gigs of RAM and M2 Processor.
